docs(deployment): add deployment chapter (#494)
instill-ai/instill.tech: docs/deployment/docker-compose.mdx

---
title: "Docker Compose"
lang: "en-US"
draft: false
description: "Learn about how to deploy open-source VDP https://github.com/instill-ai/vdp using Docker Compose"
---

> Docker Compose is the most straightforward way to have a setup for VDP in a local machine or remote instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker Compose is the most straightforward way to setup VDP in local machines or remote instances.
```
